lakinwecker			:	special gauge
jshackles			:	special es
xPaw				:	special steamdb
marlamin			:	special steamdb

// VALVe Employees
FletcherDunn			:	special valve
smeehrrr			:	special valve
ErikatValve			:	special valve
BurtonJ_			:	special valve
GoodGuySteam			:	special valve
afarnsworth_valve		:	special valve
tomb_valve			:	special valve
martinovalve			:	special valve
GabeNewellBellevue		:	special valve
HenryG_Valve			:	special valve
Valve_Anti-Cheat		:	special valve
jacobu_valve			:	special valve
Drunken_F00l			:	special valve

// STEAM Moderators
ultio				:	special steammod
ianskate			:	special steammod
titoshivan			:	special steammod
Darth_Wound			:	special steammod
Better-Off-Bob			:	special steammod
KillahInstinct			:	special steammod
FrazerJC			:	special steammod

// SUBREDDIT Moderators


// DISCORD Moderators
electric91				: special discordmod
zock123454321			: special discordmod
